.TH PACSAT-GROUNDSTATION 1 "December 27, 2025" "1.0.0" "PACSAT Revival Project"
.SH NAME
pacsat-groundstation \- Modern PACSAT satellite ground station
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pacsat-groundstation
.RB [ \-c
.IR config ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR port ]
.RB [ \-h ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pacsat-groundstation
is a complete, open-source ground station for PACSAT store-and-forward amateur radio satellites.
It implements the full PACSAT protocol suite including FTL0 file transfer, broadcast directory, and file storage.
The system provides a FastAPI REST interface for file management and radio integration via KISS/XKISS or AGWPE TCP.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c,\ \-\-config\  \fIfile\fR
Path to configuration file (YAML format). Default: config.yaml in current directory.
.TP
.BR \-p,\ \-\-port\  \fIport\fR
HTTP port for the REST API server. Default: 8000.
.TP
.BR \-h,\ \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration file (config.yaml) controls callsign, storage, radio interface, and scheduling.
See the project README for full configuration options.
.SH REST API
The built-in REST API provides:
- File upload/download
- Directory listing and search
- Authentication (JWT)
- Statistics and telemetry
Access at http://localhost:8000 with OpenAPI docs at /docs
.SH FILES
.TP
.I pacsat_files/
Default storage directory with subdirectory hierarchy
.TP
.I pacsat.db
SQLite database for file index and metadata
.TP
.I config.yaml
Configuration file
.SH ENVIRONMENT
No special environment variables required.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pacsat-upload (1),
.BR pacsat-download (1),
.BR pacsat-list (1),
.BR fastapi (1)
.SH AUTHOR
PACSAT Revival Project
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2025-2026 Kris Kirby, KE4AHR
.br
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, version 3.
.br
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
